---
layout: post
title: "Experimenting Would Always Be Helpful"
date: 2020-04-27 12:00:00 -0500
---

When it comes to learning programming languages, from past experiences, I start to understand that no matter what, it is significant to just keep experimenting. As for learning Java, it was not enough by just simply watching and listening to lectures. It would not be very helpful in helping you to learn to program. It is important for you to experiment with writing different codes and from there you will form a sense of ideas that can help you in the path of programming. Just like writing an essay, in order to have your themes and central ideas, you need to go through several stages. First, you have to learn the vocabulary, then you learn how to make sentences and from that, you start to read lots of articles and imitate others while writing your own essay, in which you can gradually accumulate experience and forming your own idea towards it. I believe that to learn to program, you have to take step by step, and slowly, by just watching videos and listening to it won’t be enough for you to learn. Therefore, it is important to just do it, write some codes according to your own ideas, and start from there. Keep experimenting would be much helpful than just simply watching lectures. You will learn the concept as you start experimenting by writing codes by codes. Writing more codes would only help you in the path of programming and quantity sometimes would lead to changes in the quality of your code.
