---
layout: post
title: "Thoughts About Online Lecturing"
date: 2020-04-14 12:00:00 -0500
---

After a semester of online classes, I’ve discovered several benefits of having online classes. With the choice of online lecturing, we can directly study at home through a computer that is connected to whether an application like Zoom or through the use of BlackBoard Ultra for online lecturing. We do not have to carry a bag and commute to the campus, which not only saves a lot of time but also plays a significant role when the weather is bad. In addition, the online class enhanced our ability of independent learning and cultivated our spirit of independent learning. It enables us to study consciously and actively look for problems, which is different from the traditional class. For online lecturing, I thought it was to have classes online and communicate with the teacher face to face. However, I learned later that this won’t be in all cases. You have to log in to the platform by yourself and study for the materials. It can provide the students of an opportunity to increase their knowledge and at the same time, widened their field of vision and learn about the differences between online education and traditional education based on classroom lecturing. Everything has its advantages and disadvantages. There are also some disadvantages to online classes. Online classes can't communicate with teachers face to face, so we can't talk with teachers about interesting things and discuss problems in the learning process. We cannot get an instant response from either the student or teacher. Moreover, the online class has a high demand for autonomy. Many students are not strong in independent learning ability and have little motivation to study, so they will not study seriously like in the traditional class and will not be so dedicated. When we come across a question that we don't understand, we can't get a timely answer from the teacher. After the teacher responds with answers, we may have forgotten our questions at that time, which is not conducive to our further study. The traditional teaching model is mainly taught by teachers in person, that is, whatever the subject the teachers teach, that is the subject the students will learn. To some extent, it inhibits our students' autonomy. Online education advocates the teaching centered on students' autonomous learning, which gives the students more space to exert their autonomy. It also demonstrates the importance of autonomy and perseverance. There will be no good results without persistence.
