---
layout: post
title: "Experience of Problem-Solving Relates To Programming"
date: 2020-04-29 12:00:00 -0500
---

In the starting stage of learning Java or even now, we always encounter problems, either in learning new things like concepts or problems in coding. As a student, we always get the opportunities to discuss the questions and problems with the teacher. While problems are encountered, it means that an opportunity would be provided to you for you to improve your experience knowledge. More questions and problems mean more new knowledge and experience and that would be extremely helpful to you. However, there are always some problems that are difficult to solve and by that, I provide some experience while solving those problems by yourself. The first step is that you have to carefully observe errors. When errors are encounter, it is your responsibility to look carefully for error messages and search for where is the error. In some cases, you have to look at the code line by line in order to search for that specific error. It is also important to think carefully about where the problems are. You have to check every step in the process of producing your code. From there, you can locate your error and try to solve the problem. Lastly, if you really cannot solve the problem by yourself, just google it. Search for the specific problems on Google and see if there are any solutions to your problem. While googling the solutions toward your problem, it is often that the search result would not match exactly to your problem. Therefore, it is necessary for you to filter the information manually. Also, if your question involves a relatively wide aspect of topics, I recommend just search for some related topic as that can narrow your question and would be much easier to find the solution. Sometimes it is also necessary for you to write some small codes to test your result and to understand the details of it and this would also be a good method to increase your knowledge.

