---
layout: post
title: "Give Something Up To Pursue Something Else"
date: 2020-04-28 12:00:00 -0500
---

For those people who had never get in contact with Java before, Java would be undoubtedly difficult. For them, it seems to be that every field in Java can be expanded and that it would take extremely a great deal of effort for each field to get into every detail and every information and knowledge of the field. At this point, everyone is ambitious and is eager to understand every knowledge hidden in the codes by looking at the very details of the codes. I understand it because that is what I’ve been gone through in the past, trying to absorb every detail of the code and understand it. There’s nothing wrong with it. However, in my opinion, it would be kind of decreasing your learning efficiency, in which it had made your speed in learning new things slower. Sometimes you have to give up on something in order to put your limited energy on something more significant in your career of programming and that would be the most efficient way to learn programming. Wait until you are in the workforce and have a sustainable career and financial bases and have extra time and energy and by then you can freely expand on your knowledge and experiment with different things. By then you can go to every detail of the codes. One of the methods to become a master in programming that I think is to spend time and energy on projects that would be helpful in developing your problem-solving skills and your knowledge in programming. By the stage of just starting to learn the programming language, I believe that it would not be necessary to know every detail of the code. For example, it would not be necessary for a curriculum that provides a lot of details to be considered as an excellent course that is high value. When you are in the stage where you temporarily don’t understand something, just take a step back and let it go. As long as you don’t stop your progress on trying to improve yourself, there would be a great number of opportunities waiting for you in the future.
