---
layout: post
title: "These People Would Have Difficulties In Becoming Programmer"
date: 2020-04-15 12:00:00 -0500
---

Programmers have been one of the hottest jobs of the past two years, and even though many laymen who can't tell the difference between front end, back end, engineer, and architect, they all have one thing in common,  that is, they believe that programmer all have a high salary. A lot of people envy programmers, not only that they have a good income but also feel that the programmer's skills are very useful in nowadays society that is full of technology. There are a lot of people wanted to pursue the career of a programmer. However, many people after learning how to program for a period of time, they will get bored and feel programming is too difficult, believing that they are not suitable for programming. By this, I believe that there are three types of people who are not suitable for becoming a programmer. 

First is the type of people who are not good at math and English. The essence of programming is to express the ideas in your head in a more formal, logical, and organized way than natural language. When it comes to expression, it requires a highly logical and normalized language and because there is so much logic in it, once you make a logical mistake, your whole paragraph will become meaningless. This logic ability has a lot to do with math learning, if you can't learn math well, you may not be a good programmer. As we all know that programming is based on English. If you can't learn English well, you can't read English documents and will have difficulties in understanding them and comprehend it fully. The higher position you want in your programming career, the more English you need. Math and English are the basics of programming. If you have difficulties in learning math or English, you're going to have a tough time in programming.

The second type of people is those who would have a poor reaction when they confront with adversities and setbacks. Programmers can be said to struggle with setbacks almost every day when they face the reports of all kinds of errors and bugs from their program. No matter what kinds of programmer you are, you will always encounter those kinds of situations. Especially some errors and bugs can take a great amount of time to find it and fix it. Therefore, programming would not fit for those people who can’t take the amount of time to fix the bugs because no programmers can guarantee that his code would never have errors and bugs.

If your learning ability in math and English is bad and you are good at solving problems when faced with setbacks, those can be improved as long as you work hard enough. Many people attribute their laziness to a lack of talent, but that is just their excuse to not work hard. As long as you are not lazy, it would not be difficult to become a programmer. The key is to work hard.
