---
layout: post
title: "Discussion of Hacker"
date: 2020-04-17 12:00:00 -0500
---

When it comes to the discussion of "hackers", many people may think of the matrix series. I have to say that this is a very classic science fiction movies. There are also a lot of people often heard in the news regarding the activities of hackers, such as "a hacker hacked into a company's system, leading to the loss of several million dollars". People might think that hackers are the use of computer technology and make destruction on people and systems; In fact, this idea may be misguided by the media and that such people should be called "crackers" instead of hackers. If you go to some other websites about "hackers", you will often see all kinds of advertisements about "stealing accounts" and so on. In fact, they are not hackers, they should also be called "crackers". So what exactly is a hacker? In fact, to know what a Hacker is, we need to distinguish several concepts between a Hacker, Cracker, and Script Kiddie.

Hackers are people who are crazy about computers and related fields and are highly skilled. Hackers are always studying new technologies, or exploiting old technologies with new features, or testing systems in unconventional ways simply to find out how stable and reasonable they are. Hackers are born with quick, divergent thinking, and great creativity. They can always think of something unexpected for ordinary people and they are often concerned with technology and the future.

Crackers also like to study computer technology and have good skills, but the biggest difference with hackers is that their behavior is often destructive or immoral. Hackers often use technology to maliciously damage or tamper with computer systems, steal confidential information, or create and spread computer viruses. Hackers often do this for profit or pleasure.

Script Kiddie themselves are not that skillful at the computer, or some of them may only even know basic computer operations, but they are capable of fooling around by using scripts or programs made by other people. You can never underestimate the script kiddies, although their technology is weak but they have many powerful tools, with a large number of groups, which can possess much destructive power. In fact, more than 80% of the network cracker behavior is committed by the script kid. The source of script kiddies' tools is usually from crackers or test code that was written by hackers to prove that they have found a vulnerability. Script kiddos are very good at collecting such tools and code and using them without regard to consequences or principles.
