---
layout: post
title: "Discussion on Electronic Data Forensics"
date: 2020-05-06 12:00:00 -0500
---

Recently I’ve been watching Sherlock Holmes and I’ve been interested in how they collect electronic evidence. Since I’ve also been attending a forensic science class in the past, so I wanted to discuss a little bit about the importance of electronic evidence and how it was collected. First, what is the collection of evidence? Organizations or individuals with the right of investigation and evidence collection shall, in order to find out the facts of a case, investigate and collect evidence from relevant units or individuals according to law. To understand forensics better, we first need to understand a concept and that is the concept of Locard’s Principle of Exchange. This principle points out that the process of crime is actually a process of material exchange. The perpetrator, as a material entity, always contacts and interchanges with various material entities in the process of committing a crime. When two objects come in contact with one another, they must exchange some material. Electronic data follow the same principle. Cybercriminals leave "fingerprints," but only professional forensics personnel can see them. The theory of material exchange is the theoretical basis of electronic data forensics, and forensics is the activity of looking for the traces left by various criminal exchanges as evidence. There are four steps in the process of electronic data forensics: Collection of evidence, Data acquisition, Data analysis, and writing of reports.

Collection of evidence: First of all, we need to know the vulnerability of electronic data, which can be easily broken: viruses, deletion, overwrite, and so on can cause the electronic data to change and lose. Therefore, when collecting evidence at the scene, the police who routinely collect physical evidence may unknowingly change critical evidence (such as cutting off the power supply) or omit important evidence, or even improperly preserve electronic evidence. In view of the particularity of electronic evidence, the scene must be professional forensics personnel to give guidance and assistance, in order to maximize the preservation of all the evidence.
Data acquisition: After all the evidence has been gathered, the next step is to extract the invisible electronic evidence from the tangible equipment. It's about restoring data somewhere, but it's not an easy process to implement. They need to consider the following:
1. Does the dump process change the raw data on the raw device? (once the evidence is changed, it has no legal effect.)
2. How do you prove that you didn't change any data during the dump?

Data analysis: After the data is obtained, analysis is the key to find evidence of guilt. In order to find the connection between the suspect and the crime fact from all kinds of information data, there are more professional techniques and forensics tools involved, and the analysis methods used in different cases are also different. Therefore, it is necessary to mobilize the comprehensive ability of forensics personnel and rely on the accumulation of experience of the professional in this process.

Report writing: Record the whole process in detail in the form of a log, especially the key evidence that can prove the facts of the crime.

The ultimate goal of electronic data forensics is to provide legal evidence for a court trial. To achieve this ultimate goal, forensic officers may set small goals, such as recovering data, cracking passwords, and so on. But these small targets are only one of the technical means of obtaining evidence. Finding evidence of a crime is its main goal. Therefore, forensic personnel will not be limited to a technical breakthrough but will start from the logic, analysis, and search for evidence. As long as a full chain of evidence can be legally found and a convincing report can be presented to the court, the process is complete. In short, in today's life, electronic data is involved in almost every aspect and every detail. There are electronic data about you in every place you can think of or can't think of. These electronic data can objectively record a lot of information that you haven't noticed.
