---
layout: post
title: "Thoughts About The Corona Virus"
date: 2020-04-13 12:00:00 -0500
---

Through this coronavirus outbreak, I’ve wanted to share the many things that I’ve been thinking recently. The first thing is the weakness of human beings. The virus in this outbreak originated in wild animals, and as a result of a few people's novelties, 7 billion people around the world are exposed to the potential threat of the virus. Human beings are not as powerful as we think. This may be our karma of human destruction on nature. In addition, under the threat of coronavirus outbreak, many people show the highest quality of human nature and respond to the call at the first time to save others and do their best for the prevention and treatment of the epidemic. However, there are still other people who spread false rumors, disturbing people's minds, and do not comply with epidemic prevention measures. People sell fake medical materials, increasing their prices on goods, and even develop new fraud methods based on this theme. There is good in this world, and there is corresponding evil and this is more apparent in times of crisis. Considering the pandemic right now, it is important to be grateful for what you have. We should learn to be grateful that although we can't feel the severity of the epidemic at home, we can see the number of people diagnosed and cured in real-time every day on the Internet. Those numbers kept increasing and it is significant for us to stay home to prevent the spreading of the virus. This outbreak also demonstrates the importance of saving money and goods as for the case of an emergency. Many people have mortgage loans, car loans, and so on. A lot of people have lost their jobs or could not work from home at this time. Unable to work means they would not have income and therefore wouldn’t be able to pay for their loans. It is significant to save money for such an emergency. Lastly, the importance of having a strong body. A good health in this case can help you to at least to have a smaller percentage of getting the virus. The pandemic will eventually pass. After the pandemic, society will rebuild and get back on track.
