---
layout: post
title: "Experience on Learning Java"
date: 2020-05-05 12:00:00 -0500
---

I’ve been learning Java for a year now and I think the most significant thing to learn Java is persistence and having a concrete goal. If you can’t stand loneliness and be quiet and study, it would be difficult to master any skill. Even if you have the talent but you don't insist on studying and trying hard, there will never be an end for you to master something. I like computers so I decided to pursue a career in IT. You have to be clear on yourself of what you want and your purpose for learning and by this, you will the motivation to learn. As for the experience in learning Java, it is obvious that at the beginning you have to learn the basics and it would take a lot of time to learn the basics. As a programming language, you not only need to read and learn a lot of concepts but you also have to type codes. It is important for you to practice. If you tried to type every code for the programs that appears in the book, you would definitely learn more than just reading the textbook. The key is to practice. The more you practice, the more you will learn from it and that is my experience. In addition, you have to think more while you are studying this language. If there’s a problem, try to find the solution by yourself first. If not then try to find it on the internet or consult people around you or professor. By doing this, would enhance your ability to problem-solving and your ability to independently thinking. Especially as your abilities grow and your research area deepens, fewer and fewer people will be able to help you, and you are on your own. Lastly, try to do as many simple projects as you can by using whatever you have learned. Practicing can help you to understand more and remember those codes and knowledge in a more in-depth way. At the same time, it is important for you to type your code by trying to not using any tools. This would help you when you can only handwrite your code. Finally, spend more time researching good code. Just like writing articles, we should read more and read more, absorb the nutrients in others' code, and apply good methods and code to our own programs. Another thing is to write your code as neatly as possible, to make it more readable, and to make it easier for others to read yoru code.
